Our today Jan 10th 2026 brainstorm after watching the winners of 2025

This is, we'll know what other things are, but this could be one of the things that the judges are really looking for, how big the market is. How big can you scale it? How big can you how much money can you make basically? And if it's such a big, and this isn't, this is a very emotional need of the customer. Men don't like losing hair. It really hurts their self-receive and stuff. So, I think, yeah, connecting to an emotional customer need that they're actively searching for. There could be things in luxury too that people are actively searching on because like hairfall is something like that. Like it's like even pimple or hairfall. These stuff is these, these are things Gen Z and even other people are like continuously searching, Hey, how can I get a remedy for this and stuff? So, one thing in I'll show you that. by scanning your scope with, yeah, to create a 3D map to assist her loss. Then, you claim the device without the micranium head and cross your scope. A minute sensors measure hydration, illness, and temperature. And all that data, powers a few new person last night, they plan inside the app. When it's time to treat, you attach the micron and begin. This is called micron Italy. So, who knows if creating such a device is even feasible? The hydration sensor and stuff. I mean, something similar does exist. I don't know what it was called. It works very similar. If something already exists, then there's no innovation in there, but yeah, basically, let's try to figure out what points are just grading on. Because if there might be tech, that is not implemented. No, it doesn't exist. If it doesn't exist, how are they? What, like this product or something similar? This product doesn't exist. Well, yeah, because the hype, okay, so we already know that they're not trying to, like, yes, maybe they are trying to make our products and mass productive, right? They're trying to find feasibility, like if so, say that this product does become a real thing, that someone's already done all the work, right? And said that, okay, well, this is what you know, this is what we found, this is how much research we did. This is our product, right? But we already know that L'Oreal, 90% of the time, or how much research I've done, pretty much every product they've ever, like, in this competition. They've never actually made it into a real product. So that's what I was talking about. Knowing that fact enables us to turn the metre of hypothesis on like how much of a hypothetical product could it be? Like, they're looking for Lori, they're looking for something that can be done, but they're not, because they're trying to see how realistic your idea can actually be implemented. But L'Oreal has never actually put them into action. These ideas always. Yeah, yeah, this is this enables us to design a product that could look very catchy, but then we might not need to support it with as much groundwork. Also, who, it's very important to know who the judging team is, not the exact people, but what domains they come from. Probably they're coming from more of a beauty of business aspect. Yeah, yeah. So the business side of the of L'Oreal. So, Even that means the product, if feasible or not, it's, it won't matter much. The technical aspect of it. Yeah. The business aspect of it matters. is everything then. Basically, to sum it up, they want good ideas that can be realistic, but does not need to be produced. On a technical, on a technical standpoint. You know, also in like consultancy case, loyal is doing a case competition even with UBC. Uh, and they do. like there's a separate one, just this one. And in case competition that I have been a part of, none of the ideas are obviously ever implemented. That's not the scope of it at all. The other thing is, Most of the ideas are not even good or implementable. The way they're presented is what is judged by the charges. How well is presented, how well you can depend. So the skill they're testing there is kind of spokes, spokesmanship, salesmanship, business. How well you can sell yourself and the product, how well you can defend the product. And that actually should that actually gives us direction on how we should frame our product. It doesn't need to be the best AI or AI or tech product. It needs to be a very, very strong business product. strong, strong product for business. In terms of the revenue it generates, the a total attainable market for the product. Yeah, let's see. And blood flow and wake up during follicles. We added pressure sensors to protect use in from damage. Motion sensors that guarantee full coverage, and a zero dispenser that needs the exact... See, he's saying motion sensors to detect full coverage. There's no, there's not much sense to it. Like, how and what? Yeah, so it's very broad. It's no, it's more like we don't have to go into the nitty gritty of how the nose thing works. You just have to convey it super simply to the judges. Yeah. convey it with emotion and just explain it very broad. We don't have to go in depth. Just, just, just like, it uses by smelling you and what you are, and then does this and this and this. We don't have to go in depth on, like, what it has or whatnot. Like, yeah, it's super simple, super simple. You just you just tell them, like, like, I'm guarantee you, if we keep playing, I don't, I remember watching this video, but not exactly what happens. They're not gonna go in depth. This is the only day that they're going. And what I am saying is they don't even know enough to go in depth. Yeah, they like, it doesn't matter. I guarantee you we probably did more research. Yeah, we... We know more about the product. Exactly. That what I'm saying. So your earlier point of having a product that is actually doable. I don't think we should think a lot about a lot in that direction. Yeah. Like, no, like, what was on the actual chart, like on the, like, how they grade it, they are looking for realistic implementation. That seems realistic. That scene, yes, seems realistic. So this seems realistic because they put it into a form and function, you know? Yeah, because it's the way they present it. Probably there's no need for a motion sensor or a pressure sensor. Probably, I don't know. But. And yes, it's sustainable. The VA body, it's main celeste. You only replace the micronilo head every 90 days. So it's less ways and more hiding. As we said, there is a serum, and it steps in to reactivate hollibles, uncurve both, and rebut the lesteros call. Still, none of that matters if you are not consistent with the treatment. That why our app doesn't just kind of do, it makes you fall in love with the process. It tells you when, and how do you use the products. This is how important, too. So, they... They, in within their pitch, they included kind of a... They answered the questions or the, you know, resistance the product might have. They said, oh, we know that it's hard to keep up with such practises every single day, which is very consistency is important, but people don't keep up with it. So if you designed an app too. So that makes the judges think that, no, that they have thought through the business of it, to keep people hooked, to make sure it's an efficient product. People do reap the benefits. Uh, like by having an entire system built around it, not just this individual product. That is very important, you know. It teaches you how other factors like sleep can affect your progress, and it brings you into a private community. Because nothing builds believe like seeing someone just like you get the result. As we know, data is the new oil, supported by GPR, we collect data through a whole journey. And I think better personalization and future product development to enlarge the whole ecosystem. It's not just a serum, not just a guy tip. We can copy that data exactly how they said it. Again, they have, yeah. So that is a very, very common line in case competition, but it's always, almost always impactful that we are creating an ecosystem that collects data and then that will further improve the product in the future. They don't know how to do it, but they might not know how to do it. But yeah, it just, again, gives a look of roundedness to the experience of what they're selling. for the company. There's my system that helps men grow their hair and stay with it. You got tools, you get tick. You go read your own men. Because your hair is a gun. It's just waiting for instructions, so... Yes? Let's grow. The third person did not speak at all. The boy? Yes, she did. The real? She did. They all did, yeah. Is okay. Yeah, because that's... He was doing the tech part of it. Oh. The girl in the house, pretty much. Oh, yeah. Great, you... The girl in the middle. I don't suffer from hair loss. I've been suffering from a lot of words right now, that was very inspiring. Jury, maybe you can help me out with your questions. I also don't suffer from hearing loss, but... You're very important. I have the 20 loss. Um, but, uh, my question is, it's a great idea, but one thing I want to know about my car needling is we know it's a medical device in many places. So how will you manage that? Especially on a brand which is price point is lower. Yes, so when you look at the relations, and there is no regulations that said that it shouldn't be sold, always that the length of the mind middle is less or equals 0.5 millimetres, which is exciting than we're looking for in this device. It also becomes it is the land that allows us to have effectiveness, and at the same time, be safer at home use. So they've done their homework then. Yeah, yeah, we got to know the regulations. That was such a good artist, but he knew exactly what to say. Yeah. This is this is this is what we should do. Well, 1st of all, like, we should pitch it, um, kind of like this to people around us. Yeah. And then whatever questions they have, we have to business people. Whatever questions they have, we have to put that in our in our presentation. Yeah, exactly, exactly. That's the key. Today, our goal is to come up with a crappy idea. The way why is it crappy is because I wanted to go through a lot of iterations and feedback. We want to go just. So, in the next few hours, we'll come up with the best weekend. As for the idea, the entire experience, the entire business of it, put in a very clean way as a one-pager. It should not exceed one, even lesser than that, would be good, but one page of properly detailed bulleted points and stuff, which is primarily for us, but we can also give to people who aren't available to listen to us, but otherwise, we'll try to pitch them or and give them the documents, so they can actually make comments and stuff and grill it, because business people could come up with really good business ideas. They don't even need to know the debt. Somebody who knows the business so very well can, you know, yeah. We, um, after we finished watching this video, we should focus more on like our video that we're gonna do. because this is pitching, which we're gonna do later after we win the video. Did you come across any submission videos? No? No, they don't have it public. Oh, that's not public. Yeah. No, 1st we need to focus on the product. Then the video. Well, that was the part of the homework that everyone came up with their own iteration. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So if you did complete that, then that's... No, it wouldn't. I discussed with the last meeting is that we'll together put our brains today and come up with a product. I thought the product was the nose. That's all we discussed the 2 meetings ago. Yeah, no, the product that we're doing is the nose, right? Some form of nose, yeah. Before the holidays when I submitted my piece, that was my piece for. resubmitted it. yeah. You guys redid the same homework, I guess. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just to sharpen up. So technically it's just you two, because I'm still... I mean, I got my podcast. I could share a little bit about the history of the nose. Okay, so you got your podcast, but do you have? Uh, to bring. Oh, today, Matthew was telling me that we're working on the script and the video. No, well, no, no. We're just doing the script. We're doing the video. You just told me that right now you want to do a focus on the video, okay? Skip the video for the video. The script for the video. Okay, well, no, but I think we should solidify that... Of course, of course. Well, yeah, so we obviously, because we can't do the video without a button. Yeah, exactly. So we obviously come up with, but by the end of today, the goal should be to not only solidify the product, but also get the script for the video. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You have enough time. Okay. All three of you were in the wrong classroom, or just some of you? What happened? Two of us. Two of us. So, look, we're friends from university, and we study marketing and business, and we saw this, and we're like, yeah, we got to sign up. But they were like, oh, we need someone else. I'm preferably a guy because we need a guy perspective. But then we're... Do you want to be transgender? We haven't tried one... Let's shoot that more, man. you, though. But, uh, like, we'll mention some, whether we got a lot of gold perspective. in a video or something, you know, clips are, we should make our video clips, like when we talk to people, or whatever. Yeah, that's. It should be almost all women. Because we're not women. Yeah, yeah. We, like, this is major's main market strategy, and we saw each person of our class, and we were, like, Oh, yeah, we kind of know him. Let's just put him on. And it was perfect. Yeah, and just by coincidence, then we got to know each other, and we all, the three of us, have to study abroad, so we made at least two exchanges. So, yeah, we have a global vision, and everything has made us grown and be better. Ah, hello. Thank you, Dean Chilli. You can take your seats. No those pushush like steal them. Thank you very much. Thank you, thank you very much. Si, big, big. So the judges had more questions, but these guys forgot to let give them the time to ask more questions. But the thing is, the total thing is three minutes. Including the questions? I'm assuming so, because then why was he in a rush to get them all? I think he forgot. That why I didn't hear that. Unless you didn't give him enough time, yeah. Did you hear the judge saying? Yeah, like, oh, I have one more question. And they're like, okay, never mind. Yeah. That actually helps because if you're not questioned enough, like... CC, thank you, Team Chilli. You can now take your seats, no last questions. Yeah, because he because that's the judge 10 seconds still. So they had 10 seconds left. For a question. Yeah, but then Team Chiliers are gonna have time to answer. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. So, yeah, so that means 3 minutes, including questions. But that's the final Lori Arfraj round. Yeah, but if they if they screw up, these 2 or whoever they are replacing for this year, that means it's kind of our ups, you know, our closure. Okay, it's time for the fourth... as a outside of the typical where they went. Unique industry mould. But that's exactly why they are the ones to shake up the industry. What's happening? Oh. He's good, huh? Wait, what? Yeah, actually, dude. Oh, yeah. Oh, no, he came from, like... But in the first look, it looks like... it's very reversed. Or it was probably in his jacket. Yeah, no, you can see it. It comes out because he takes it over. Oh, yeah, in the pocket. But the timing is for the 1st time is really good. Sorry, good, please. Oh, that's that's the episode. we've been looking for. Good job. That's a nice view. Thank you very much. I don't even have a way here. Hey, Eve. Wait, wait, wait, wait. I didn't realize. So you get one, too? Are we? That's, that's... That's your... Okay, okay, let's do this. Let's do this. If we win, I take home the trophy and the money, you guys get whatever else. No, I think we leave him in France on the... Yeah, I want to just write up daddy over there. Well, would you take his passport with us? Yeah, yeah, yeah, no. Didn't say looking, I think, or 6 months ago, I did what you signed. No. magician, assistant. Now that we have, that's not King Awood waiting any longer. It's time to bring out the men who reveal the big winner. The president of the jury, and in the division. Oh, the difference? What? That is strange. Alexi... Is that part of our division? aren't there great? Yes. Is it gonna see you? Yeah. Yeah, yeah? No, you wasn't here. You already have a seat here. First of all, I really want to congratulate everybody in this room, because you owe the semifinalist, the finalist, the three of you are gonna be the winner of the largest youth innovation competition in the world. Is it actually in the world? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, this year, as you know, what, the record of the year, we hit a quarto of a million participants to this competition, and you can be incredible. Oh, okay, okay, okay, participants of people that signed off. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Because, like, that's, like, nice. Yeah, because there's going to be only three selected throughout the... Yeah, so the judge mentioned, there were 2000 signups in Canada last year. Only 200 people submitted. Yeah, so there were a quarter of a 1000000 signups all over the world, but like not. So like countries like India or China, I'm like, oh, I don't know if it's Indian. It's pretty much. Yeah, even India. So they had more populated countries would have signed up probably. Yeah, yeah. Thankfully we're in Canada. We have a smaller population, so... Yeah, that actually helps. Obviously, because, yeah, obviously, So big, big congratulations. I hope you like what you saw about our division, or a division, where we're passionate about democratizing beauty, but not any kind of beauty, we're passionate about democratizing the very best of beauty, and, of course, this year's theme was very due to our heart, because, you know, half of this planet are men, and they're worth it, too, and thank you all for your ideas, your creativity, and the service of, uh, getting a bit more man experiencing the very best of beauty. Thank you very much. Yeah, we should have got a woman. Of course. No, they have tea. Oh, they have three trophies. Oh, that's you. We all get one. advent. We've had hidden discussions, the atmosphere was very hot, we exchanged, we fought with each other, but at the end, democracy prevailed. Don't forget, we are the division of democratization, so we came up to a choice. Is the division of democratization of beauty, which means, like, doing beautiful masses? What does that mean? It means they're looking. So this division that is talking about within L'Oreal, which is organizing this, they are looking how to enable L'Oreal whenever L'Oreal comes with a product or a technology, how to make it accessible to the entire public, how to spread the area of coverage for that. So it's not, they're not, they're kind of going... Yeah, it's not about niches, it's more about how many how many people there can. So they're treating us as if it was their own product. That's how we're judging it. No, no, no. He's just talking about the division he's part of. Okay, okay. And we had to make a choice. There were three trophies, but I'm supposed to only say the winner, right? Exactly. Just want to make sure I don't make a mistake. So the winner of the largest youth innovation competition of the world. Friendstone, 2025, is Team Chile. If there be team Canada this year, actually. Because you're the winners of 2026, there'll be Team Canada. I don't know, I don't hope I know. I know. These guys, these guys are the least polished. They were the most authentic. Yes, yes. Um, we have to, uh, so, because, because I do sales. Um, I'll, like, like, when we're ready to pitch this through a video, I'll help. But, um, For, we, we have to create emotion behind because you can sell anything to anyone if you have enough emotion built up. Like, it's all emotional. Like if I was a civic, if I was to sell you something and it didn't make sense. To anybody else, but because you know me very well, you're gonna buy because we have that other motion. I'll tell you something. you're gonna buy because you trust me because we have that emotion. It's like, it, like, sales is so like, such a, it's not even real. You just have to create a motion behind it. You had a conversation with my cousin who did sales. It's all emotion. It doesn't matter what you're selling. If you build enough emotion, anybody's gonna buy. So we have to build a motion, even if our product is stupid, we have to build enough emotion, and we'll win. That's all it is. So emotion like over anything. So can you cry on cue? I can trim and fall on cue. You can trip and fall off you too. Yeah. So, all of this was the story. It should be super easy to understand. Super easy. Take your. Oh, it's grand storm, not brainstorm. No. I thought it was G'Oreal Braidstorm, not Bradstorm. What an adventure. Oh, my goodness. Team too, too late. And a huge congrats to the other five teams, you might not have won the big prize, but you won huge today. Yeah, like, even if we don't win in the end, I'm still really happy to go through Paris. Bro. That's gonna be sick. Thank you so much. But we will win in the end. We will. Which, by the way, I don't know if you saw, but I had to go back there and tell them to keep it down, because they were really at each other. So I'm sure it was a tough, a tough call. And bravo, you deserve it. And thank you, Tori, our partners, TikTok shop, and Adobe has been a pleasure to have you with us. Big pardon. Bro. Thank you. You're into the building. I know, you've really experienced what it feels like to be. The entire breadstorm journey, you can see that it's an incredible one. Hey, most importantly, thank you to the Brand Star Wars for showing the world what the future of male beauty can look like. Congratulations. Now, like, yeah. I got to get jacked for whatever... That closes on fire. Maybe he's gonna get free. I got to get to you. I can see you. Me, too. I said I was gonna cry, and it's close. We will see you, hopefully, later, for a little bit of celebration, but for now, continue to take your pictures. We have to be out of the room in 10 minutes, so start to collect your things and make it into some cooler air. Thank you, all. See you next year. Oh, remember that? That's the Viva Technology thing I was talking about. That was great. Great questions, great answer. You may now take your seats, and... You just restarted. All right. So, what I got from that is we're winning. Bro. What else I got from that? Okay, so, um, acknowledge that we collect data that's big. See, see how they created emotion behind the data. They said data is the new oil. That's how they created the emotional attachment to the data part. So it made the data feel that much stronger. Like they said, and I quote, data is the new oil and they had it on their screen. Data is the new oil. The emotional part, I thought, was they, they said, we created community and then they came to the data thing. So they're presenting the container collection as community creation. Mm-hmm. So, that's, that's, that's interesting. I mean, that's a good way to put it. You say, this is a feature that's being provided to the users, but it's also a feature for us because data is a new world. My biggest takeaway from watching this now was that even if we don't understand the product fully, it's fine. We just have to convey it very, very simply, cut all the fluff out. Super simple, super straight to the point. That's it. That's the biggest takeaway that I got right now. What about you guys? Biggest takeaway from watching it now. Not really, honestly. I kind of already do a lot Because I didn't, you know, was really... I mean, I watched the video like a couple times, but yeah, no. I guess, honestly, I guess the only thing I would share is that we really have to make sure that we understand the flaws and the browser word. Our product, whatever it may be, only because it's like, just like, let's say we have 2 minutes, right? Like, there's 3 minutes to presentate him. There's obviously, including that as questions, right? We need to understand that if it only takes us 2 minutes to present day. There's a one minute left for questions, right? So they could just, the judges, they can rapid fire question us about anything about our... That's why we leave only 30 seconds in the end for those rapid fires. So only one question. Kick you out. Well, no, we need to we need to make sure. There would be guidelines. You cannot choose how long this is. Yeah, like, we don't like, I'm just basing it off the videos, like, the 10 videos I've watched, it's 3 minutes, right? For including questioning. That's what I found up now. I thought it was 3 minutes to presentate and then a few minutes later for questioning. But no, Matthew made a great point and said that they cut them off because there's only 10 seconds left. So that means it was three minutes for the whole thing. No, I think it was 3 plus one. Three plus one Well, we can time it. Well, look, now it's, let's say they start at, like, 30 seconds. I mean, yeah, like, yeah. An hour, 3 minutes, 30 seconds in. Stinning, guys? Maybe you can help me out with your questions. I also know suffer from hearing loss, but... No, very important. Yeah, so, yeah, I see, but so it's four minutes. Three minutes to present, and then... Three push to present, and then it's probably a minute for questions. Yeah. Wait, play right now. Play right now. Alright, okay. Yeah, in the beginning, when they start, well, no, no time. no. So, exactly. They started 44 seconds. They ended around 3 minutes, 45 seconds. Yeah. So that's exactly 3 minutes. Yeah, see those 3, 3, and it starts. So three? Okay, so yeah, you're right enough. It's 3 minutes and then one minute in question, I see. Yeah. Three minutes, 45 Exactly. 40\. They done. Oh, they've done 5 seconds before. 10 seconds before. So we got to rehearse our script in our line, even though I like to go with the flow, usually, I don't like pursing a script. But no, for the case competition, you can't go with them. It has to be recited. Really? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. It would do it. every single day. It's like a school presentation. Because like for me, when I'm doing sales, I just got like it's like it's like a good analogy when you're first learning piano. Yeah. You play the keys. Yeah. And then you start playing your own music once you learn all the. But again, for, yeah, stuff, you, okay, every single one needs to be realized. And no filler words, no ums, odds. Oh, busy, you practice so much. that there are no filler words, obviously. Perfect. And your script wouldn't have filler words, right? You have to recite this. That's true, that's true. That's true. So unless he injects those pillowers... So okay. I think, yeah, we should get working on the product first, finalize how the experience looks like. And we're able to make those images, by the way. No, no. Okay, let's make those images, see how it's going, so we can visualize it better. No, YouTube need to tell me what your idea of the product is. I have I have a system. I'll show you. Yeah. You're getting ahead of yourself, Matthew. We have the product. We have the product, but how do you want it? How do you want to convey it? That was the homework? How do you want to see it? Yeah, how do you want to sell it? That was the point. I'll say, I made a document. I I am not sure we have a product because we have an idea of a product, a direction of the product, but that's not exactly probably what we are doing. Oh yeah, sure. Yeah. But yeah, come. I have a system that'll help us guide through. Just it. And is the washing close by? It's just around the corner. Okay. I'll try not to. try to keep it in... Let's hope everyone's stuff is still there. We're in Bangkouit, right? Yeah. Well, you don't know that, baby. What? Yeah. No, Vancouver. Oh, look still there. Where the laptops? I have my laptop. Did you keep it in? No, I can throw on my tail. That's right there. Uh. Uh oh. Where's my back? Head? My bag is cold. Bro, that's not close. Oh here's your bag. Does it have a laptop here? What files I put in there? No. No, I just don't want nobody to steal it. So I put it there and put it under the chair. Yeah, what happens? Like nobody ever moves anything. I was about to say, I'm gonna sue them for $2,000 and more. I would be concerned. That's never happened in five years. Washrooms just display, right? Yeah, it is. I'll be quick. Diagonally. diagonally. Oh, right there. No. No, you can do that, right? Right, right. Oh, sweet. you.